Privacy Policy, Todo 3.0
Last updated: January 25, 2022

This Privacy Policy describes our policies and procedures. By using the Service, You agree to the information contained in this document.

Interpretation and Definitions
The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

Application means the software program provided by the Company downloaded by You on any electronic device, named Sleep Log 2.0
Company (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to coding dads KLG, Trottenstrasse 44, 8037 Zurich, Switzerland.
Country refers to: Switzerland
Device means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.
Personal Data is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
Service refers to the Application.
You means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of
Collecting and Using Your Data
Personal Data
The application Todo 3.0 does not collect any personal data.

Usage Data
The application Todo 3.0 does not collect any usage data.

Use of Your Personal Data
Does not apply for the application Todo 3.0 as it does not collect any personal data.

Retention of Your Personal Data
Does not apply for the application Todo 3.0 as it does not collect any personal data.

Transfer of Your Personal Data
Does not apply for the application Todo 3.0 as it does not collect any personal data.

Disclosure of Your Personal Data
Does not apply for the application Todo 3.0 as it does not collect any personal data.

Security of Data
No data that is generated while using the app (e.g. recording an event) is transferred over the internet. All data is stored on a local database on your device.

Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13.

Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update Our Privacy Policy if needed. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us: By email: hallo@codingdads.ch
